README.md, before:

# Kafka Static Template

This is a static template for Kafka service.

## Examples

- [Complete](./examples/complete)

## Contributing

Please read our [contributing guide](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) if you're interested in contributing to Walrus template.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Receive contextual information. When Walrus deploys, Walrus will inject specific contextual information into this field.<br><br>Examples:<pre>context:<br>  project:<br>    name: string<br>    id: string<br>  environment:<br>    name: string<br>    id: string<br>  resource:<br>    name: string<br>    id: string</pre> | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_hosts"></a> [hosts](#input\_hosts) | The host list of the Kafka service. | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_port"></a> [port](#input\_port) | The port of the Kafka service. | `number` | `9092` | no |
| <a name="input_username"></a> [username](#input\_username) | The username of the account to access the service. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_password"></a> [password](#input\_password) | The password of the account to access the service. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_context"></a> [context](#output\_context) | The input context, a map, which is used for orchestration. |
| <a name="output_refer"></a> [refer](#output\_refer) | The refer, a map, including hosts, ports and account, which is used for dependencies or collaborations. |
| <a name="output_connection"></a> [connection](#output\_connection) | The connection, a string combined host and port, might be a comma separated string or a single string. |
| <a name="output_connection_without_port"></a> [connection\_without\_port](#output\_connection\_without\_port) | The connection without port, a string combined host, might be a comma separated string or a single string. |
| <a name="output_username"></a> [username](#output\_username) | The username of the account to access the service. |
| <a name="output_password"></a> [password](#output\_password) | The password of the account to access the service. |
| <a name="output_endpoints"></a> [endpoints](#output\_endpoints) | The endpoints, a list of string combined host and port. |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## License

Copyright (c) 2023 [Seal, Inc.](https://seal.io)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

refactor: connection and port
Signed-off-by: thxCode <thxcode0824@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Kafka Static Template

This is a static template for Kafka service.

## Examples

- [Complete](./examples/complete)

## Contributing

Please read our [contributing guide](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) if you're interested in contributing to Walrus template.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Receive contextual information. When Walrus deploys, Walrus will inject specific contextual information into this field.<br><br>Examples:<pre>context:<br>  project:<br>    name: string<br>    id: string<br>  environment:<br>    name: string<br>    id: string<br>  resource:<br>    name: string<br>    id: string</pre> | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_hosts"></a> [hosts](#input\_hosts) | The host list of the Kafka service. | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_port"></a> [port](#input\_port) | The port of the Kafka service. | `number` | `9092` | no |
| <a name="input_username"></a> [username](#input\_username) | The username of the account to access the service. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_password"></a> [password](#input\_password) | The password of the account to access the service. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_context"></a> [context](#output\_context) | The input context, a map, which is used for orchestration. |
| <a name="output_refer"></a> [refer](#output\_refer) | The refer, a map, including hosts, ports and account, which is used for dependencies or collaborations. |
| <a name="output_connection"></a> [connection](#output\_connection) | The connection, a string combined host and port, might be a comma separated string or a single string. |
| <a name="output_address"></a> [address](#output\_address) | The address, a string only has host, might be a comma separated string or a single string. |
| <a name="output_port"></a> [port](#output\_port) | The port of the service. |
| <a name="output_username"></a> [username](#output\_username) | The username of the account to access the service. |
| <a name="output_password"></a> [password](#output\_password) | The password of the account to access the service. |
| <a name="output_endpoints"></a> [endpoints](#output\_endpoints) | The endpoints, a list of string combined host and port. |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## License

Copyright (c) 2023 [Seal, Inc.](https://seal.io)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
